## !!! Important Changes for the 4.x Release !!!
The primary goal of the 4.x release is to improve supportability and reliability while also adding some long requested features.  Unfortunately the development of these capapabilities required introducing a few breaking changes.  Most of these changes will not impact Home Assistant users as they will be handled automatically but the MQTT discovery process however, if you were previously using the old JSON attribute topic to monitor battery levels or tamper status, you will need to modify those automations to use the new device level info sensor JSON topic which includes this information and much more.

For non-Home Assistant users, the topic levels have changed in this release to provide better consistency.  This new model is descibed in [docs/TOPICS.md](docs/TOPICS.md).

For a full list of changes and new features please see [docs/CHANGELOG.md](docs/CHANGELOG.md).

## !!! Important MQTT changes for Home Assistant >=0.113 !!!
Prior to Home Assistant 0.113 it was highly recommended to configure birth messages for the MQTT [component by manual settings](https://www.home-assistant.io/docs/mqtt/birth_will/) in configuration.yaml.  With this configuration ring-mqtt could monitor for restarts of the Home Assistant server and automatically resend devices and state updates after a restart.  In prior Home Assistant documentation, and prior versions of this script, the topic used was hass/status.

Home Assistant >=0.113 has now enabled birth/last will messages by default however, it uses the default topic of homeasssitant/status instead.  To comply with this new default behavior the config.json included with this script has been modified to use the homeassistant/status topic instead.  This means, for new installs, no special configuration should be needed to take advantage of this feature and state updates will happen automatically after Home Assistant restart.

For existing users who have implemented the previously recommended configuration, everything should continue to work without changes after the upgrade, however, for consistency with future configurations, it is now recommended to revert the Home Assistant MQTT configuraiton to defaults and modify the config.json file to change the hass_topic value from hass/status to homeassistant/status.  You can also completely switch to UI configuration for the MQTT component after making this change if you wish since the script no longer depends on any special configuration to monitor Home Assistant status.